README.md, before:


<p align="center"><img width="333.333" height="260" src="./assets/devtron-logo-dark-light.png">
<h1 align= "center">Heroku-like Platform for Kubernetes.</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">Devtron leverages popular open source tools to provide a No-Code SaaS like experience for Kubernetes.
<br>
<a href="https://docs.devtron.ai/" rel="nofollow"><strong>Explore documentation »</strong></a>
<br>
<a href="https://devtron.ai/">Website</a>
·
<a href="https://devtron.ai/blog/">Blog</a>
·
<a href="https://discord.gg/jsRG5qx2gp">Join Discord</a>
·
<a href="https://twitter.com/DevtronL">Twitter</a>


</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://discord.gg/jsRG5qx2gp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20us%20on-Discord-e01563.svg" alt="Join Discord"></a>
<a href="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/devtron-labs/devtron"><img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/devtron-labs/devtron" alt="Go Report Card"></a>
<a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" alt="License"></a>
<a href="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4411"><img src="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4411/badge" alt="CII Best Practices"></a>
<a href="http://golang.org"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Go-1f425f.svg" alt="made-with-Go"></a>
<a href="http://devtron.ai/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/http/shields.io.svg" alt="Website devtron.ai"></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Devtron%20helps%20in%20simplifying%20software delivery%20workflow%20for%20Kubernetes,%20check%20it%20out!!%20&hashtags=OpenSource,Kubernetes,DevOps,CICD,go&url=https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron%0a"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social" alt="Tweet"></a>
 

 
<!--</p>
<p align = "center">
<a href="https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron"><img src="https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=Abhinav-26&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR" alt="Devtron's GitHub stats"></a>
</p>-->

<p align="center">
<a href="https://devtron.ai/support.html">🔥 Want to accelerate K8s adoption? Our core team would love to help 30 companies do it the Devtron way! 🔥 Apply Now 👋</a></p>

## :book: Menu

- [Devtron?](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#bulb-devtron)
- [Features](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#tada-features)
- [Trusted By](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#muscle-Trusted-By)
- [Architecture](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#globe_with_meridians-Architecture)
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#rocket-getting-started)
- [Documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/)
- [Videos](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#memo-compatibility-notes)
- [Compatibility Notes](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#memo-compatibility-notes)
- [Community](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#busts_in_silhouette-community)
- [Love what you see!](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#sparkling_heart-love-what-you-see)
- [FAQ & Troubleshooting](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#question-faq--troubleshooting)
- [Contribute](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#handshake-contribute)

## :bulb: Devtron?

### Why use it?

We have seen various tools that are used to greatly increase the ease of using Kubernetes. However, using these tools simultaneously is painful, and hard to use. This is due to the fact these tools don't talk to each other for managing different aspects of application lifecycle; including CI, CD, security, cost, observability, stabilization.
 
Thus, we built Devtron to solve this problem!

<p align="center"><img src="./assets/readme-comic.png"></p>

Devtron is an open source modular product providing 'seamless', 'implementation agnostic uniform interface', integrated  with open source, and commercial tools across the entire life cycle. This is all achieved while focusing on a slick User Experience, including a self-serve model. 
<br>
You can efficiently handle Security, Stability, Cost, and more in a unified experience.


## :tada: Features
<br>
<img src="./assets/preview.gif">
<br>

<details>
<summary> 
 <b> No code self-serve DevOps platform </b>
  </summary>
<br>

- Workflow which understands the domain of Kubernetes, testing, CD, SecOps
- Reusable and composable pipelines so that workflows are easy to construct and visualize

</details>

<details>
 <summary> <b> Multi-cloud/Multi-cluster deployment </b></summary>
<br>

- Devtron gives the ability to deploy your applications to multiple clusters/cloud just with the same dashboard.

</details>


<details>
 <summary> <b>Built-in SecOps tools and integration</b> </summary>
<br>
 
- UI driven hierarchical security policy (global, cluster, environment, and application) for efficient policy management
- Integration with [Clair](https://www.redhat.com/en/topics/containers/what-is-clair) for vulnerability scanning

</details>
<details>
<summary> <b> UI-enabled Application debugging dashboard </b></summary>
 <br> 
 
 - Application-centric view for K8s components
 - Built-in monitoring for CPU, RAM, http status code, and latency
 - Advanced logging, with grep and json search
 - Access all manifests securely for e.g. secret obfuscation
 - Auto issue identification

</details>

<details>
 <summary> <b>Enterprise grade security and compliances </b></summary>
<br>

- Easy to control roles and permissions for users. 
- Club the users of similar roles by giving the required permissions through the User Interface.

</details>

<details>
<summary> <b>Automated GitOps based deployment using argocd </b></summary>
<br>
 
- Automated git repository and application manifest management
- Reduces complexity(configuration, access control) in adopting GitOps practices
- GitOps backed by Postgres for easier analysis 

</details>

## :muscle: Trusted By
Devtron has been trusted by the Enterprises and community all across the globe.

- [Delhivery:](https://www.delhivery.com/) Delhivery Limited is one the largest and most profitable logistics company in India
- [BharatPe:](https://bharatpe.com/) Bharatpe is a business utility app to accept payments transactions in settlements.
- [Livspace:](https://www.livspace.com/in) Livspace is one-stop shop for all things home interiors and renovation services.
- [Moglix:](https://www.moglix.com/) It is an Asia-based B2B commerce company intensively inclined towards B2B procurement of industrial supplies
- [Xoxoday:](https://www.xoxoday.com/) Xoxoday helps to send rewards, perks & incentives to employees, customers and partners.<br>

## :globe_with_meridians: Architecture:
<br>
<img src="./assets/Architecture.jpg">

### :blue_heart: We Support:
In addition to the features, we love supporting platforms that devs find easy to work with.
<br>
<p align="center"><img src="./assets/we-support.jpg"></p>

## :rocket: Getting Started

#### You can follow our detailed installation guide, using Devtron and other key functionalities of devtron, in our
[Devtron Documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/)

#### Quick installation with default settings

This installation will use Minio for storing build logs and cache.

```bash
helm repo add devtron https://helm.devtron.ai
helm install devtron devtron/devtron-operator --create-namespace --namespace devtroncd
```

#### For detailed installation instructions and other options, check out:
[devtron installation documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/setup/install)


#### :key: Access Devtron dashboard

By default, Devtron creates a loadbalancer. Use the following command to get the dashboard url:

```text
kubectl get svc -n devtroncd devtron-service -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress}'
```

*****Devtron Admin credentials*****


For admin login, use the username:`admin`. And for the password, run the following command:

```bash
kubectl -n devtroncd get secret devtron-secret -o jsonpath='{.data.ACD_PASSWORD}' | base64 -d
```

## :video_camera: Videos:

- [Devtron - A Comprehensive Overview](https://youtu.be/FB5BI3Ef7uw?t=363)
- [Viktor Farcic(YouTuber) Review](https://youtu.be/ZKcfZC-zSMM)
- [Running an application on Devtron](https://youtu.be/bA6zgjPD_yA?t=2927)
- [Devtron Demo](https://youtu.be/ekxHV2Gje-E?t=7856)

## :memo: Compatibility notes

### Current build: 

- Devtron uses modified version of [argo rollout](https://argoproj.github.io/argo-rollouts/)
- Application metrics only works for k8s 1.16+

## :busts_in_silhouette: Community

Get updates on Devtron's development and chat with the project maintainers, contributors, and community members.
- Follow [@DevtronL on Twitter](https://twitter.com/DevtronL)
- Raise feature requests, suggest enhancements, report bugs in our [GitHub issues](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron/issues)
- Read the [Devtron blog](https://devtron.ai/blog/)

### Join Our Discord Community
<p>
<a href="https://discord.gg/jsRG5qx2gp">
    <img 
    src="https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/jsRG5qx2gp" 
    alt="Join Devtron : Heroku for Kubernetes"
    >
</a>
 </p>

## :sparkling_heart: Love What You See!

If you are loving what we are doing, please consider giving us a star.
<br>
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/devtron-labs/devtron)](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron/stargazers)
<br>
Or you can tweet about us: 
<br>
<a href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Devtron%20helps%20in%20simplifying%20software delivery%20workflow%20for%20Kubernetes,%20check%20it%20out!!%20&hashtags=OpenSource,Kubernetes,DevOps,CICD,go&url=https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron%0a"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social" alt="Tweet"></a>
<br>
Your token of gratitude will go a long way helping us reach more developers like you. :heart: :smile:

Or you can do one better and Contribute 👏

## :question: FAQ & Troubleshooting:
### FAQ:
1. How to resolve unauthorized error/s, while trying to save global configurations like hostname, GitOps etc. after successful devtron installation
<br>
A. This occurs most of the time because any one or multiple jobs get failed during installation. To resolve this, you'll need to first check which jobs have failed. Follow these steps:

- Run the following command and check which are the jobs with 0/1 completions:
```bash
kubectl get jobs -n devtroncd
```
- Note the names of the jobs with 0/1 completions and check if their pods are in running state or not by running the command:
kubectl get pods -n devtroncd
- If they are in running condition, please wait for the jobs to be completed. This may be due to internet issue. If the job is not in running condition, delete those incomplete jobs using:
kubectl delete jobs <job1-name> <job2-name> -n devtroncd..[Read More](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron/blob/main/Troubleshooting.md#1-how-to-resolve-unauthorized-error-while-trying-to-save-global-configurations-like-hostname-gitops-etc-after-successful-devtron-installation)
<br><br>

2.What to do if devtron dashboard is not accessible on browser, even after successful completion of all jobs and all pods are in running mode?
<br>
A. Check if nats-cluster is created or not, you can check it using the following command:
```bash
kubectl get natscluster -n devtroncd
```
- You should see a natscluster with the name devtron-nats. If not, run the following command:
```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devtron-labs/devtron/main/manifests/yamls/nats-server.yaml -n devtroncd
```
- Wait util all nats pods are created, and the pods are in running condition. Once complete, delete devtron and dashboard pods. Then you should be able to access the devtron dashboard without any issues.
- If your problem is still not resolved, you can post your query in our [discord](https://discord.gg/jsRG5qx2gp) channel

### Troubleshooting:
- For Installation Troubleshooting, check this [documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/setup/install)
- For other troubleshooting, Check the [Common troubleshooting documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/user-guide/command-bar)


## :handshake: Contribute

Check out our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Included are directions for opening issues, coding standards, and notes on our development processes. We deeply appreciate your contributions.

Also please checkout our [community contributions](COMMUNITY_CONTRIBUTIONS.md) and feel free to create a video or blog around Devtron and add your valuable contribution in the list.

### Our Contributors:

We are deeply grateful for all our amazing contributors!    

<a href="https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=devtron-labs/devtron" />
</a>

## :bug: Vulnerability Reporting

We at Devtron take security and our users' trust very seriously. If you believe you have found a security issue in Devtron, please responsibly disclose this to us at security@devtron.ai.

## :bookmark: License
Devtron is available under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

DOC: New Readme FAQs and devtron delete instructions (#1088)
* Fixed Rollout CRDs for configmaps

* Update FAQ for rollout CRD issue

* Updated other namespaces in delete sectiopn

* Updated delete devtron instructions

* Fixed rollout crd faq

* Fixed rollout crd faq

* Updated warning before devtron cleaning steps

* Updated warning before devtron cleaning steps

* Updated helm3 devtron cleaning steps

* Updated workflow delete in devtron cleaning steps

* Updated warning before devtron cleaning steps in helm2

README.md, after:


<p align="center"><img width="333.333" height="260" src="./assets/devtron-logo-dark-light.png">
<h1 align= "center">Heroku-like Platform for Kubernetes.</h1>
</p>

<p align="center">Devtron leverages popular open source tools to provide a No-Code SaaS like experience for Kubernetes.
<br>
<a href="https://docs.devtron.ai/" rel="nofollow"><strong>Explore documentation »</strong></a>
<br>
<a href="https://devtron.ai/">Website</a>
·
<a href="https://devtron.ai/blog/">Blog</a>
·
<a href="https://discord.gg/jsRG5qx2gp">Join Discord</a>
·
<a href="https://twitter.com/DevtronL">Twitter</a>


</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://discord.gg/jsRG5qx2gp"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20us%20on-Discord-e01563.svg" alt="Join Discord"></a>
<a href="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/devtron-labs/devtron"><img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/devtron-labs/devtron" alt="Go Report Card"></a>
<a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" alt="License"></a>
<a href="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4411"><img src="https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/4411/badge" alt="CII Best Practices"></a>
<a href="http://golang.org"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Go-1f425f.svg" alt="made-with-Go"></a>
<a href="http://devtron.ai/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/http/shields.io.svg" alt="Website devtron.ai"></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Devtron%20helps%20in%20simplifying%20software delivery%20workflow%20for%20Kubernetes,%20check%20it%20out!!%20&hashtags=OpenSource,Kubernetes,DevOps,CICD,go&url=https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron%0a"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social" alt="Tweet"></a>
 

 
<!--</p>
<p align = "center">
<a href="https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron"><img src="https://github-readme-stats-one-bice.vercel.app/api?username=Abhinav-26&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&role=OWNER,ORGANIZATION_MEMBER,COLLABORATOR" alt="Devtron's GitHub stats"></a>
</p>-->

<p align="center">
<a href="https://devtron.ai/support.html">🔥 Want to accelerate K8s adoption? Our core team would love to help 30 companies do it the Devtron way! 🔥 Apply Now 👋</a></p>

## :book: Menu

- [Devtron?](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#bulb-devtron)
- [Features](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#tada-features)
- [Trusted By](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#muscle-Trusted-By)
- [Architecture](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#globe_with_meridians-Architecture)
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#rocket-getting-started)
- [Documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/)
- [Videos](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#memo-compatibility-notes)
- [Compatibility Notes](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#memo-compatibility-notes)
- [Community](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#busts_in_silhouette-community)
- [Love what you see!](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#sparkling_heart-love-what-you-see)
- [FAQ & Troubleshooting](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#question-faq--troubleshooting)
- [Contribute](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron#handshake-contribute)

## :bulb: Devtron?

### Why use it?

We have seen various tools that are used to greatly increase the ease of using Kubernetes. However, using these tools simultaneously is painful, and hard to use. This is due to the fact these tools don't talk to each other for managing different aspects of application lifecycle; including CI, CD, security, cost, observability, stabilization.
 
Thus, we built Devtron to solve this problem!

<p align="center"><img src="./assets/readme-comic.png"></p>

Devtron is an open source modular product providing 'seamless', 'implementation agnostic uniform interface', integrated  with open source, and commercial tools across the entire life cycle. This is all achieved while focusing on a slick User Experience, including a self-serve model. 
<br>
You can efficiently handle Security, Stability, Cost, and more in a unified experience.


## :tada: Features
<br>
<img src="./assets/preview.gif">
<br>

<details>
<summary> 
 <b> No code self-serve DevOps platform </b>
  </summary>
<br>

- Workflow which understands the domain of Kubernetes, testing, CD, SecOps
- Reusable and composable pipelines so that workflows are easy to construct and visualize

</details>

<details>
 <summary> <b> Multi-cloud/Multi-cluster deployment </b></summary>
<br>

- Devtron gives the ability to deploy your applications to multiple clusters/cloud just with the same dashboard.

</details>


<details>
 <summary> <b>Built-in SecOps tools and integration</b> </summary>
<br>
 
- UI driven hierarchical security policy (global, cluster, environment, and application) for efficient policy management
- Integration with [Clair](https://www.redhat.com/en/topics/containers/what-is-clair) for vulnerability scanning

</details>
<details>
<summary> <b> UI-enabled Application debugging dashboard </b></summary>
 <br> 
 
 - Application-centric view for K8s components
 - Built-in monitoring for CPU, RAM, http status code, and latency
 - Advanced logging, with grep and json search
 - Access all manifests securely for e.g. secret obfuscation
 - Auto issue identification

</details>

<details>
 <summary> <b>Enterprise grade security and compliances </b></summary>
<br>

- Easy to control roles and permissions for users. 
- Club the users of similar roles by giving the required permissions through the User Interface.

</details>

<details>
<summary> <b>Automated GitOps based deployment using argocd </b></summary>
<br>
 
- Automated git repository and application manifest management
- Reduces complexity(configuration, access control) in adopting GitOps practices
- GitOps backed by Postgres for easier analysis 

</details>

## :muscle: Trusted By
Devtron has been trusted by the Enterprises and community all across the globe.

- [Delhivery:](https://www.delhivery.com/) Delhivery Limited is one the largest and most profitable logistics company in India
- [BharatPe:](https://bharatpe.com/) Bharatpe is a business utility app to accept payments transactions in settlements.
- [Livspace:](https://www.livspace.com/in) Livspace is one-stop shop for all things home interiors and renovation services.
- [Moglix:](https://www.moglix.com/) It is an Asia-based B2B commerce company intensively inclined towards B2B procurement of industrial supplies
- [Xoxoday:](https://www.xoxoday.com/) Xoxoday helps to send rewards, perks & incentives to employees, customers and partners.<br>

## :globe_with_meridians: Architecture:
<br>
<img src="./assets/Architecture.jpg">

### :blue_heart: We Support:
In addition to the features, we love supporting platforms that devs find easy to work with.
<br>
<p align="center"><img src="./assets/we-support.jpg"></p>

## :rocket: Getting Started

#### You can follow our detailed installation guide, using Devtron and other key functionalities of devtron, in our
[Devtron Documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/)

#### Quick installation with default settings

This installation will use Minio for storing build logs and cache.

```bash
helm repo add devtron https://helm.devtron.ai
helm install devtron devtron/devtron-operator --create-namespace --namespace devtroncd
```

#### For detailed installation instructions and other options, check out:
[devtron installation documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/setup/install)


#### :key: Access Devtron dashboard

By default, Devtron creates a loadbalancer. Use the following command to get the dashboard url:

```text
kubectl get svc -n devtroncd devtron-service -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress}'
```

*****Devtron Admin credentials*****


For admin login, use the username:`admin`. And for the password, run the following command:

```bash
kubectl -n devtroncd get secret devtron-secret -o jsonpath='{.data.ACD_PASSWORD}' | base64 -d
```

## :video_camera: Videos:

- [Devtron - A Comprehensive Overview](https://youtu.be/FB5BI3Ef7uw?t=363)
- [Viktor Farcic(YouTuber) Review](https://youtu.be/ZKcfZC-zSMM)
- [Running an application on Devtron](https://youtu.be/bA6zgjPD_yA?t=2927)
- [Devtron Demo](https://youtu.be/ekxHV2Gje-E?t=7856)

## :memo: Compatibility notes

### Current build: 

- Devtron uses modified version of [argo rollout](https://argoproj.github.io/argo-rollouts/)
- Application metrics only works for k8s 1.16+

## :busts_in_silhouette: Community

Get updates on Devtron's development and chat with the project maintainers, contributors, and community members.
- Follow [@DevtronL on Twitter](https://twitter.com/DevtronL)
- Raise feature requests, suggest enhancements, report bugs in our [GitHub issues](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron/issues)
- Read the [Devtron blog](https://devtron.ai/blog/)

### Join Our Discord Community
<p>
<a href="https://discord.gg/jsRG5qx2gp">
    <img 
    src="https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/jsRG5qx2gp" 
    alt="Join Devtron : Heroku for Kubernetes"
    >
</a>
 </p>

## :sparkling_heart: Love What You See!

If you are loving what we are doing, please consider giving us a star.
<br>
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/devtron-labs/devtron)](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron/stargazers)
<br>
Or you can tweet about us: 
<br>
<a href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Devtron%20helps%20in%20simplifying%20software delivery%20workflow%20for%20Kubernetes,%20check%20it%20out!!%20&hashtags=OpenSource,Kubernetes,DevOps,CICD,go&url=https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron%0a"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social" alt="Tweet"></a>
<br>
Your token of gratitude will go a long way helping us reach more developers like you. :heart: :smile:

Or you can do one better and Contribute 👏

## :question: FAQ & Troubleshooting:
### FAQ:
1. How to resolve unauthorized error/s, while trying to save global configurations like hostname, GitOps etc. after successful devtron installation
<br>
A. This occurs most of the time because any one or multiple jobs get failed during installation. To resolve this, you'll need to first check which jobs have failed. Follow these steps:

- Run the following command and check which are the jobs with 0/1 completions:
```bash
kubectl get jobs -n devtroncd
```
- Note the names of the jobs with 0/1 completions and check if their pods are in running state or not by running the command:
kubectl get pods -n devtroncd
- If they are in running condition, please wait for the jobs to be completed. This may be due to internet issue. If the job is not in running condition, delete those incomplete jobs using:
kubectl delete jobs <job1-name> <job2-name> -n devtroncd..[Read More](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron/blob/main/Troubleshooting.md#1-how-to-resolve-unauthorized-error-while-trying-to-save-global-configurations-like-hostname-gitops-etc-after-successful-devtron-installation)
<br><br>

2.What to do if devtron dashboard is not accessible on browser, even after successful completion of all jobs and all pods are in running mode?
<br>
A. Check if nats-cluster is created or not, you can check it using the following command:
```bash
kubectl get natscluster -n devtroncd
```
- You should see a natscluster with the name devtron-nats. If not, run the following command:
```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devtron-labs/devtron/main/manifests/yamls/nats-server.yaml -n devtroncd
```
- Wait util all nats pods are created, and the pods are in running condition. Once complete, delete devtron and dashboard pods. Then you should be able to access the devtron dashboard without any issues.
- If your problem is still not resolved, you can post your query in our [discord](https://discord.gg/jsRG5qx2gp) channel
<br><br>

3.Not able to see deployment metrics on production environment or Not able to enable application-metrics or Not able to deploy the app after creating a configmap or secret with data-volume option enabled
<br>
A. Update the rollout crds to latest version, run the following command
```bash
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devtron-labs/devtron/main/manifests/yamls/rollout.yaml -n devtroncd
```

### Troubleshooting:
- For Installation Troubleshooting, check this [documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/setup/install)
- For other troubleshooting, Check the [Common troubleshooting documentation](https://docs.devtron.ai/user-guide/command-bar)


## :handshake: Contribute

Check out our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Included are directions for opening issues, coding standards, and notes on our development processes. We deeply appreciate your contributions.

Also please checkout our [community contributions](COMMUNITY_CONTRIBUTIONS.md) and feel free to create a video or blog around Devtron and add your valuable contribution in the list.

### Our Contributors:

We are deeply grateful for all our amazing contributors!    

<a href="https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=devtron-labs/devtron" />
</a>

## :bug: Vulnerability Reporting

We at Devtron take security and our users' trust very seriously. If you believe you have found a security issue in Devtron, please responsibly disclose this to us at security@devtron.ai.

## :bookmark: License
Devtron is available under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE)
