docs/user-guide/deploy-chart/chart-group.md, before:

# Chart Operations 

## Introduction

Create Chart Group And Deploy App store applications.


## 1. Create Group 

1. Select `Charts` from the left pane, you will land to the `Chart Store` page. 
2. Click on `Create Group` button present in the upper right corner.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-1.jpg)

3. It will pop-up a dialog box where you can enter `name` and `description`(optional) for the chart-group and then click on `Create Group`.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-2.jpg)

4. This will redirect you to the page where you can discover or search charts to add in the chart-group and later deploy by single click.

## 2. Add Charts To Group 

1. Choose any chart and add by `+` sign and click on `save` to save the chart group.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-3.jpg)

2. Click on `Group Detail` to see all the running instances and group details. You can also edit the chart group from here.

## 3.Bulk Deploy and Edit Option for Charts

1. You can see all the charts in the chart group in right panel. Click on `Deploy to..`, this will pop up a dialog box.
![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-4.jpg)

2. Select `Project` and `Environment` where you want to deploy the chart group.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-5.jpg)

3. Click on `Advanced Option` for more deploy option like to edit `values.yaml` or to change `Environment` and `Project` for each chart.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-6.jpg)

Commit message:

DOC: deploy charts images update (#1452)
* screenshots change in devtron deploy charts doc

* image url correction

* changed screenshots in deployment-of-charts.md

* Added deployment history in doc

* Update overview-of-charts.md

* Update deployment-of-charts.md

* Update chart-group.md

* Update deployment-of-charts.md

Co-authored-by: Divya Bhushan <divya_bhushan@hotmail.com>

docs/user-guide/deploy-chart/chart-group.md, after:

# Chart Operations 

## Introduction

Using Devtron UI, one or more Helm charts can be grouped and deployed together with a single click.

## 1. Create Group 

1. In the left pane, select `Charts`.
2. On the `Chart Store` page, select `Create Group` from the upper-right corner.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-1.jpg)

3. In the `Create Chart Group` screen, enter `name` and `description`(optional) for the chart group, and then select `Create Group`.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-2.jpg)

Once you create the group, you can now select and add the charts to this chart group.

## 2. Add Charts To Group 

1. To add a chart to the group, click the `+` sign at the top-right corner of a chart, and then select `Save`.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-3.jpg)

2. Click on `Group Detail` to see all the running instances and group details. You can also edit the chart group from here.

## 3.Bulk Deploy and Edit Option for Charts

You can see all the charts in the chart group in the right panel. 
1. Select `Deploy to..`.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-4.jpg)

2. In the `Deploy Selected Charts`, select the `Project` and `Deploy to Environment` values where you want to deploy the chart group.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-5.jpg)

3. Select `Advanced Options` for more deploy options, such as editing the `values.yaml` or changing the `Environment` and `Project` for each chart.

![](https://devtron-public-asset.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/images/deploy-chart/chart-group/chart-group-6.jpg)
